add nftfair docs (#81)
automata-network/docs: docs/nftfair/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Automata NFTFair is A NFT launch platform designed around principles of fairness and efficacy for a community-led experience is how we would describe NFTFair. Metadata exploits pre-sniping are all predatory practices that make it unfair for the average user to get their hands on a new collection, much less obtain rare or lucrative items.

Reviewer: seems there are grammar issues?

Author: actually, that's not my work, I copy it from sam's medium, hh

> We want to make every NFT journey begins with fairness — clearly a non-negotiable attribute. More than just kicking off a positive feedback loop between trust and adoption in the metaverse, it’s imperative for any NFT launch that seeks to do right by its community.

Reviewer 2: I think this paragraph is unnecessary, since the last one has put enough emphasis on fairness, and it doesn't convey any new information about the platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

# About the fairdrop?

## Network:

> You can launch a fairdrop in most of the EVM-compatible networks. Such as ETH, BSC, Polygon, Moonriver, except for the layer 2 network. We don't support the layer 2 network for now. Due to the expensive transaction gas fee in the ETH network, we recommend you launch your fairdrop in BSC.

Reviewer: why layer2 is not supported?

Reviewer: I think it is better to tell users/projects that we support EVM-compatible networks, and list the already supported networks

Reviewer 2: The issue with Layer 2 is due to the complexity of gas cost calculation, which significantly impacts Conveyor.

The current gas price calculation on the contract would not work for rollup chains, i.e. Optimism and Arbitrum.

Reviewer 2: List of supported network (In accordance to XATA):
- BSC
- Polygon
- Moonriver

Reviewer 3: This platform is compatible with most EVM networks. We currently support the hosting of Fairdrop events on the following networks:
BSC
Polygon
Moonriver
Ethereum

We are working hard to expand the list of supported networks and if your intended launch network is not included in our supported list, please send us an email at <email>.

## Fairdrops types:

We have two types of fairdrops by now: 1. Blind box fairdrop, 2. First come, first serve fairdrop. The users will get one random NFT per purchase in the blind box fairdrop. On the other hand, the users can pick whatever they wish in the FCFS fairdrop in those available NFTs.

## Category:

In both types of fairdrops, you can set several categories for your NFTs. Each category represents a bundle of NFTs. It has its price and max purchase limit.

## Payment:

> If you determine to turn on the payment option for your fairdrop, you can choose a token to be your payment token. Then the users need to pay the price set in the category settings to purchase an NFT, and you can withdraw your sales income from our console later.

Reviewer: the payment token should be ERC20 token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This platform provides the option to enable Fairdrop sales, i.e. the trading of NFTs and an acceptable form of ERC20 payment tokens. NFTs can be differentiated by categories, where prices can be set individually. 

Each vault only accepts a single ERC20 payment token. In other words, it is not possible to price one category at 100 USDC, and the other at 100 BTC. 

You can however, price different categories at different amounts of the same token. For instance, 100 USDC for category A and 1000 USDC for category B.
```

> # About your costs?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Costs
```

Make it concise

> We will charge fees for each of your fairdrops. You can contact our sales for the price. Furthermore, for a better user experience, we don't recommend you to charge your user for transaction gas fee. Therefore, our [Conveyor](https://www.ata.network/conveyor) service will do gasless transactions for the users, and we will settle the gas fee with you after the fairdrop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gas consumption plays a major role on the cost of running Fairdrops. This platform provides a gasless transaction experience, powered by [Conveyor](https://www.ata.network/conveyor). To fully provide the experience of zero-cost transactions to the users, you may opt for relayer-sponsored transactions. 

Relayer-sponsored transactions do not charge ERC20 gas payment from the users. The event organizers would bear the full gas cost instead. Please reach out to our team, to get a quote and a cost breakdown for enabling relayer-sponsored transactions.
```

# Ready to start?

> If you are interested in our platform and get ready to start a fairdrop, you need to provide us with the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are interested in using our platform and ready to start a fairdrop, you need to provide us with the following information:
```

- The activity name. (Example: MOGA Blindbox Fairdrop)

- A page title. (Example: Come And Obtain Your Own Genesis MOGA!)

- The start and end time for your fairdrop.

- Your Official website address and media links.

> - A short description to introduce your project and the fairdrop to others. (Example: Monster Galaxy is making a blind box fairdrop to give our players the chance to obtain powerful genesis mogas! Don’t lose this opportunity!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A short description to introduce your project. (Example: Monster Galaxy is making a blind box fairdrop to give our players the chance to obtain powerful genesis mogas! Don’t lose this opportunity!)
```

- A faq list lets your users know how they can participate in your fairdrop.

- A horizontal brand logo, higher than 200px. [Example](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeihapvgs3ifvv5ts3soxpkez37yo6dln6smlza3smpjjj7dktk7fta/supercar-logo.png)

- A square brand logo, bigger than 500px. [Example](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeie5adkgmljzx7qzeulnwnq3laqsne4w5myic6c75kk2sqviqdjtua/supercar-icon.png)

- A banner related to the theme of your fairdrop with size 2132x224px [Example](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeicywiylhs2w6jfofgzhaw3gfnl2pen2u4wgsrmxuu7crlx46uilbe/supercar-banner.jpeg)

- A small 32x32px square icon for the browser tab bar. [Example](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/0653dd_303a21ade8b64ed5bca9f2755b2cb4a5~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_32%2Ch_32%2Clg_1%2Cusm_0.66_1.00_0.01/0653dd_303a21ade8b64ed5bca9f2755b2cb4a5~mv2.png)

> - Once your fairdrop setup, you can transfer your NFT to our vault contract and get started to sell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Once you have setup the fairdrop, you can transfer your NFT to our vault contract, and begin selling.
```
